When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

You would want a remote repository if you would be using different computers for the project or if you had multiple users.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You want to control the files you're working on. If you were collaborating with a group and they changed the files through Github, you wouldn't want Git to automatically pull them to your local repository in case you were currently working on the same file and had made your own changes.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A fork is a way of copying a repository and is used via github. A clone lets you download a copy of a repository to your local computer using git. A branch is a way of creating a different version of files that won'tintefere with the main or other versions. It allows you to experiment without ruining your project.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It lets you access any new changes done via the remote but the fetch also lets you see if anyone has made any changes to the remote.

How would you collaborate without using Git or Github? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

You would have to transfer files back and forth with people or store them in a shared space. It woudl be easier as there wouldn't be such a learning curve by learning how to use the version control software. However, it would be hard to keep track of changes and harder to revert back to workign copies without saving multiple versions of all files.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

You would want to use a different branch if you wanted to try something new and experiment without altering the already working master version. The benefits are that you keep a working version but the drawback is that it can get quite confusing.